EWS o365 eml download/incident creation inconsistencies (#31146)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftExchangeOnline/ReleaseNotes/1_2_32.md

#### Integrations

##### EWS O365

> - Fixed bug in incident fetch which could result in an incident fetch loop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug when fetching incidents that could result in an incident fetch loop.
```

> - Fixed bug in `ews-get-items-as-eml` command and `fetch_emails_as_incidents` which 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in the ***ews-get-items-as-eml*** command and **fetch_emails_as_incidents** that
```

>   could result in duplicated headers in EML file results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  could result in duplicated headers in EML file results.
```

> - EML files downloaded from `ews-get-items-as-eml` command and `fetch_emails_as_incidents` will now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue so that EML files downloaded from `ews-get-items-as-eml` command and `fetch_emails_as_incidents` will now
```
